hey it's me Destin welcome to smarter
every day have you ever just sat down
and taken a really close look at nuts
I've been doing that for the last few
minutes now coming out with some pretty
interesting observations
I mean cashews and peanuts have very
similar taste and texture but they're
fundamentally different chances are if
you live in the Western world you know
exactly what a peanut plant looks like
but you probably have no clue what a
cashew plant looks like why is that no
so this is what a cashew looks like yeah
today so is this do you eat this part
mm-hmm is this the nut no just one yeah
one we need get dry we're gonna take
this and take it inside a fire so after
there's a food inside
yeah you see there's a food inside yes
what about this is can you eat this yeah
this one you won't eat it it's a fruit
yeah so let's catch your fruit yeah and
this is the cashew nut does it not yeah
ah
if one you can plant this if you plan it
you have a cousin ah so cashew nut yes
you fruit what does this taste like can
I bite it you can bite it is it good
really it's very good hmm sweet very
sweet
I've never seen that before see I didn't
know that there was a fruit and these
are cashew trees yeah I see if you don't
know what a cashew plant looks like it's
because you've never seen one because
they don't grow in the climate where
you're at like like most of awesome
foods cashews were introduced to the
Europeans after the Spanish
conquistadors came over and they
discovered it in South America and
Central America they discovered cashews
peanuts chocolate vanilla strawberries
pineapples basically everything you need
for a good banana split except the cow I
thought it was interesting I hope you
get a smarter every day I'm Destin are
you as fast as a rabbit yeah he's as
fast as a rabbit but do you find any
mommy was lying down so just when it's
hot yeah when it's hot they can't move
what do you know some days
they're like squirrels do you know what
a squirrel is yeah I like squirrels in
America we hunt square squirrel where I
come from yeah we eat them yep
I know it's not nice tastes bad